Title: How Arbitrum Supports Founders
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9uCkgVvt7NA
================================================================================

Good afternoon everyone and welcome.

Great to have you here for today's session in the UXMax hackathon.

I'm Mouhammad from Encode hosting today and I'm delighted to be joined by the legendary Swagimus the de developer relations evangelist at the arbitrum foundation.

So today's session is how arbitrum supports its founders.

Swagimus is going to walk through the many different ways arbitrum backs founders from their flagship builder support program openhouse to subsidized audit support, hands-on mentorship, demo days, and much much more.

If you're building something on arbitrum that you'd like to take long-term beyond just the hackathon, this one is for you.

So, quick reminder on where we are in UX Max, your next milestone is the mid hackathon checkpoint uh on the 5th of July.

So, that is Sunday.

That's a required submission.

So, make sure you've got your progress in.

After that, final submissions are due on the 19th of July.

And that is the big important one for today.

Sessions like today are exactly what help sharpen those submissions.

So, do think of questions.

I'm sure we'll be answering them as we go on.

Don't be shy.

Fire your questions.

We'll answer them all.

Now, quickly, one thing worth flagging.

If any of you are in London, I know we're quite int international, but if any of you are in London, Arbitum are running their own openhouse London, an in-person founder house from the 10th of July to the 12th run in partnership with us in code.

It's an applicationonly 3-day experience for teams already building on Arbitum.

So you can accelerate your execution, get mentorship, deepen your ecosystem connections, and there's around 300k in uh dollars in prizes and grants across tracks like DeFi, stable coins, AI apps, and dev tooling.

Good news, applications are still open.

So don't be don't be shy.

It's screening based and rolling.

So if you see a wait list, that just means they review applications, not that it's full.

head to the encode uh luma calendar or the arbitum luma calendar to apply.

Uh Swagimus might you're you're more than welcome to uh say more information as well.

Uh as for housekeeping and what today is going to look like, we'll run this for about an hour.

Um drop any questions into the chat uh as we go.

Swagimus will answer them throughout.

No need to wait till the end.

And as always, head over to our Discord for any updates or to ask questions there.

With that, over to you, Swagimus.

Awesome.

Thanks so much.

That was a wonderful introduction.

Uh thank you for leading the audience into that.

Um I'm here today to talk about how we arbitrum support founders.

And to do that, let me share my screen real quick to pull up my slides.

All right, here we go.

Um so I'm with Arbitum, uh and I am a developer evangelist at the Albert Foundation.

Specifically, I'm also a green frog on the internet.

So uh you know that's that's quite cool.

Of course Swag is not my real name.

It's a pseudonym.

I am pseudonmous.

Um and today I want to talk about how arbitrary supports founders because there are so many different ways um in which we can support founders and I think it's quite hard to actually summarize all of that or find all that information if you are uh at different stages of your project or in different uh ecosystem verticals etc.

So I want to the first point I want to make and stress is that arbitrum is a launch partner and it's not just a chain.

We are the only launch partner that has this proven uh model that dozens of projects have have gone through and gone on to be successful.

Uh arbitum is u where you can go from an idea to a product from a product to traction and from traction to becoming a part of the ecosystem.

Uh the builder path start starts with uh hackathons like this with workshops, feedback, product product.

Uh throughout various different programs, teams get direct access to mentors, partners, technical experts and the best teams out of those keep momentum high through grants, audits, guest support, intros and amplification and and so much more.

So um what I want to really uh talk about here is openhouse, which is our flagship founder enablement program.

And uh if you never heard of openhouse, I will give you a brief rundown of this.

what what is it all about?

What is openhouse?

Openhouse consists of three phases uh and it is a regional program.

So we've run uh openhouse before in India in New York earlier this year and now we are headed to London.

And this program comes in three phases.

It starts with an online buildathon.

It's a 3-week online buildathon and it specifically is a buildathon not a hackathon which means you can bring any existing projects to this and keep on building on top of that right you do not have to start from scratch.

It's actually very interesting.

Um, if you uh if you looked at Eve Global, which is one of the the biggest hackathon organizers in the Ethereum ecosystem, they also recently shifted their hackathon uh system away from doing hackathons only to also allowing a track for more established or more existing projects.

So, it's very interesting to see this uh shift in the ecosystem that we are also pioneering here.

Um so, this build is three weeks.

Um the biggest value ad that this builder builderon brings are uh feedback sessions and I will I will talk about that in a second.

The second phase is the founder house which uh we are headed to in London next week.

Um today is actually the last day to apply and I will talk a bit more about how to do that later on.

The founder house is is a three-day inerson event.

Um and the first uh part of this openhouse program is our mentorship program which comes after the founder house.

So you go to the buildathon, build an MVP, go to the founder house, stress test your assumptions and your product direction and take that into a mentorship program which culminates in a demo day in front of VCs.

So let's dive a little bit more into all of these things.

Uh like I mentioned the buildathon.

Uh the one thing I want to stress there are the feedback sessions.

Uh you know sometimes people run hackathons.

Uh I'm sure Ankote does not do it this way but some some people run hackathons where you just sign up you build something and then you just hope and pray that somehow what you have built makes sense and is a good idea.

And uh what we try to do is we try to have really frequent feedback sessions where you can check in uh and and and talk to us, talk about your project, your progress, get some hands-on actionable feedback from us uh instead of just sitting there building in the dark and getting no feedback at all.

Right?

So we've had five feedback sessions throughout these three weeks and they have been so helpful for the builders and founders to figure out their product direction to have early uh ideation and iteration on their projects and it's it's it makes a mountain of a difference.

Uh so that's really kind of the selling point of the buildathon.

You go there and you really get feedback after the buildathon.

Ideally you have an MVP project and that's what you take into the founder house, right?

The founder house is not a hackathon.

It's not a hacker house.

It is different.

It's it's a three-day inerson event and we have various different sessions for founders specifically, right?

Things that founders actually care about.

Figuring out product market fit, um a little bit of how to fund raise, how to pitch, how to put together a go to market plan, right?

So, we have various different sessions covering all these aspects plus mentorship on site.

So you can go to mentors that for example focus on product direction or on go to market and talk to them and tell them about your plans and they will give you feedback.

And it's not just us the foundation there.

We have many amazing sponsors that aren't just sponsors for the sake of being a sponsor but also have decades of experience.

Well not decades but let's say a decade of experience in in the crypto industry and they know how to scale and build a successful project.

And those will be the mentors that uh that you get to touch base with.

It is applications based.

So, if you want to come there, you can't just show up.

You have to apply and answer a few questions because we do want to filter out um you know, the the most promising teams, but also the teams that we can have the most impact on, right?

Um so, uh if you're building something interesting, we would love to hear it.

We would love to see you apply and hopefully get you approved.

Um if you participated in the buildathon, the top three winners from the buildathon are are getting guaranteed spots.

Um but yeah, anyone can apply and hopefully make it in there.

It's very very limited capacity in in London at the encode hub.

Um after the founder house uh you will have stress tested your assumptions your product direction and put up to you know some kind of go to market plan and that's when you move on to the mentorship program.

Uh this is an 8-week uh online remote program featuring curated investor introductions and even more hands-on guidance on your product development, on growth strategies, on putting together a pitch deck, how to actually pitch to VCs and not just to us, right?

Um, so a lot more resources, many more uh mentors and partners that uh that you can tap into and it all culminates in a demo day in front of some of the top tier VCs in in the crypto industry uh with also 100k up for grabs for the three best teams.

So this is a complete funnel.

Of course, you don't have to run through this step by step.

If you already have an MVP, you can apply straight to a founder house.

If you already stress tested your assumptions about product market, you can directly apply to the mentorship program.

You can slot in wherever you want.

Uh but you can also go through all of them if you are at the very beginning.

So that's what the open house is all about and we headed to uh London uh next week.

Uh let's take a brief look back at open house India and New York to give you like a little bit of an impression of what we did there and what what what kind of things are going to happen there.

Right.

Um just showing some pictures.

These are the winners of the India founder house.

Um this is the New York fan house in action.

As you can probably tell it's very busy.

It is intense.

Um, so be prepared.

Uh, here we have the Robin Hood chain team at the New York Founder House giving a presentation on what they're doing with Robin Hood chain on Arbitum.

If you didn't know, they are building a an arbitrum chain um using our text stack for for Robin Hood chain uh which is very exciting.

They're live on test net right now and soon will be on mainet.

And now let's look at openhouse London.

Uh like I mentioned, we have some amazing sponsors.

Uh first and foremost, Robin Hood chain, they are massive name in the industry.

We are very happy to be working with them.

Uh there are other names uh like AWS for cloud infrastructure and scaling.

Uh GMX, Alchemy, Zero Defens Dune.

A lot of amazing names in the industry that all focus on different verticals in the industry.

Uh and one thing I want to specifically shout out is Seit.

If you're not familiar, it's the center for um uh financial innovation and technology in the UK.

So they are a local agency and they can bring a unique angle to the founder house to basically I don't know like answer some questions for founders that want to incorporate and build their startup in the UK to to kind of like help them out a bit and and uh talk about what what they have to like look out for basically.

So it's a it's a unique offering.

We're very happy we have them and uh it's going to be good.

So um yeah uh let's look at the the tracks.

Of course there are going to be prices.

it while it is not a hackathon or a hacker house.

Of course, we want to reward the most promising high impact teams there.

We have three different tracks.

The general track is just first, second, third place, the overall best projects 60, 40 and 20k, so 120k in total.

We have the Robin Hood chain track for teams building on the Robin Hood chain.

Uh we have a founder and residence pairs of 60K, innovation award of 30K.

And we have an agentic track if there are any uh people building AI agentic projects which of course is huge right now.

Uh we have a 20k uh price pool for that as well.

All right, that's openhouse London.

If you are interested, uh feel free to scan the QR code.

Um I'm also going to put my telegram in the chat after uh this whole presentation.

So you can also reach out directly to me if you have any questions or if you need the link again.

Uh but feel free to scan this or screenshot it and and scan it later.

I'm going to show this at the end again as well.

Um and so let's talk a bit you know t take a take a bit bit of a step back right this is this is a flagship founder path you move from a buildathon through the founder house to the mentorship and then there's a lot of ecosystem follow through which I haven't talked about so this whole format is designed to take founders from an intent to build to actual product progress and then keeping the best teams close to our ecosystem.

I think that um hackathons like this UXMax hackathon are a great starting point and stepping stone and we want to build on top of that and offer sort of like the full funnel of what comes after, right?

Because if you complete a hackathon, you're going to feel great and then a week later you might be wondering, okay, but like what do I do now?

Like what comes next, right?

And that's that's kind of like an a question that I think the industry has not had um necessarily a great answer for for a long time, but I think there are now ways uh to to actually improve that.

So um yeah, uh again, here's what you get at the Founder House given that it takes place next week.

There's a lot here.

I've talked about many of these things.

Uh there's a lot there's so many uh good stuff, good resources here uh that you can tap into.

So I highly encourage you to take advantage of that if you're building something in this hackathon or even outside of it uh for for for that matter uh that you want to take to the next level and build long term.

Uh maybe you might be wondering who who is London for?

I kind of just talked about it.

It's for teams already building.

Uh it's for teams that have an existing product or prototype.

Bring something there.

It's not a place where you start from scratch.

Uh you should arrive ready to ship or validate your core product flow.

Uh we have mentors from the altum foundation, offchain labs which is the the arbitum sort of like engineering organization.

Uh a lot of sponsors, other ecosystem partners like entropy advisor are going to be there as well to deliver a talk.

Um a bunch of different tracks.

We have different categories as well.

Uh whatever you build surprise us it doesn't matter.

We we are just looking for really crack teams that want to keep building.

Okay.

Um I want to maybe uh talk about one proof point.

Um because some of you might have heard of like similar programs and you might be wondering hey how is this different or has there been any successful projects out of this uh and here's a proof point uh there's a project called bond credit and they won the New York City founder house uh one of the they won the Robin Hood chain innovation award um and their journey is actually really interesting they came into the New York buildathon the online program and they didn't actually win they didn't win anything at the buildathon but they weren't deterred by And the the good part about this whole openhouse program is that there are multiple stages at which you can compete, right?

So if you don't win initially, it doesn't mean you have a bad project.

It doesn't mean you necessarily did anything wrong.

Maybe the competition has just been very fierce, which it really was in New York.

Um and then you can still slot in at a different point of the funnel and uh and prove to us that uh you are a high impact team and you need support.

Uh so they went on to the founder house.

they applied and we admitted them because we already knew they were a good team.

They just weren't quite good enough to win the buildathon.

Um, and in New York, uh, at the founder house specifically, it's just a great opportunity to actually talk to people in person, right?

That adds so much more to evaluating a team and getting a good idea of what they're doing uh, versus being in touch online, right?

Not saying online is a bad way to do it.

I think it's also a good way.

But in person you just get a very different uh feeling for uh for for people and that goes both ways right you will also be able to see us in person and also make up your mind is arbitum a place where I feel supported where I want to be and at the same time we get to talk to teams and figure out okay are these teams cracked or are they kind of like not right uh so um yeah they went to the the firehouse they blew us away with what they were doing um and uh this is what openhouse is all about it's meant to surface serious teams give them direct ecosystem access and uh yeah and today uh all of you in the audience right now you can be doing the same thing essentially right this is basically a a free offering that you can take advantage of uh and prove to us that you are u worthy of of being supported and we're happy to do that all right um so that was openhouse let's talk a bit about what comes after openhouse uh right u even though it is quite a big program there are still many different other ways in which the algorithm ecosystem has your back.

Uh one thing are grants.

Uh sometimes we give out milestone based support for teams that have a clear onchain impact.

Uh if you are deployed on mainet already and you made it that far.

Um perhaps you didn't even participate in openhouse, you can still approach us for support if we feel like your onion impact justifies giving out a grant to help you support the next stage of growth.

Um, one thing that uh might be particularly relevant for this hackathon is our RV fuel uh program which uh is basically gas sponsorship for early teams that are testing, shipping and onboarding users, right?

So often times we talk to teams that have a great product but sometimes gas fees are still an issue especially for you know products that require many transactions or uh the nature of it is just very fast-paced so you make a lot of transactions right um and it can make still a difference even though gas fees are pretty low it still makes a difference whether they are low or effectively zero right so to help projects like that onboard users we sponsor um gas fees for them um we have an audit program uh which is $10 million that is coming from the Albert DAO uh to basically subsidize smart contract audits.

Oftentimes the the last pain point before actually going to a launch is having a smart contract audit of your contracts to ensure that what you have deployed is actually safe and cannot be exploited and we want to alleviate the pain of going through that because audits depending on the auditor can be very expensive.

Um there's mentorship.

We have uh both the AR foundation ecosystem team as well as the offchain uh uh partnerships team who will literally talk to you through your product and advise you on certain things and uh just have your back in general.

So it's it's an amazing resource you can tap into once you have proven to us that you're building something with an impact.

Uh amplification the usual right if you launch something we can feature you ecosystem spotlights.

We're going to retweet your stuff.

uh social support, partner intros, ecosystem, project intros, etc.

Kind of like the the usual that you might be used to.

Um integrations, uh etc.

So, no matter at what stage you are, ask us where you are at and we will be able to advise you on what kind of uh support uh best fits your stage and use case.

Just dive a bit into uh these things.

The outer mentorship program I've mentioned briefly before.

It's 8 weeks.

It's completely equity free as well.

If you look at uh some competing programs, uh they usually do take some equity.

So, this is actually a pretty good offering in my opinion.

Uh this mentorship program again offers structured support for early stage teams.

Uh you get a dedicated mentor.

So, you will have bi-weekly one-on- ones with that mentor and focused feedback across your product, go to market strategies, liquidity, fundraising, the whole package of what you need to prepare for a fund raise.

essentially uh a lot of access and input from ecosystem teams, infra partners, um operators, investors uh and it all culminates in the demo day which I've already mentioned before 100k non-dilutive awards uh for the top three teams and hopefully you'll get some interest from the VCs there to uh be able to fundra uh we ran a first cohort um uh earlier this year.

It's almost wrapped up now.

We had 900 applicants.

Out of those we selected 13 teams across DeFi, infraai, payments and real world assets.

Um you might be a bit frightened.

Uh 13 out of 900 is not a huge quota but that's kind of the reality right.

Um ultimately it it you know you have to you have to prove that you have an impact that you uh are a team that uh that can deliver, right?

Um but all of what we're offering here is designed to help you achieve that.

Uh so don't be discouraged uh at all.

Um okay let's talk about the audit program.

Briefly mentioned this as well.

Uh this budget comes from the the dao.

Uh it's for audit ready teams.

So it's only really a fit once your code is stable once your product direction is clear and your deployment is auditioning focused.

We have trusted auditors like open zeppelin sata never mind siphon trail of bits uh and many others.

Uh and we will match your project with the auditor that has the best fit for you.

Um in terms of uh some findings from uh uh previous uh audit program cohorts, we've identified sorry we uh completed 14 audits uh and they identified a bunch of critical and high severity u vulnerabilities and findings.

So uh it is proven it's worth it.

Um and uh I think it's currently actually closed.

Um but we will open the next cohort uh quite soon.

So use this when you need to figure out your security.

Um, but it's not a fit for early stage teams.

If you're early stage, you want to go through openhouse and really lock in your code before you uh come for an audit.

Okay.

Abby Fuel uh briefly talked about this as well.

Gas sponsorship um uh it's kept at 10K in credits per seed team.

So, it's not infinite of course.

Uh but this is plenty to get you started to bootstrap your initial user base, especially if the gas fees are are still a hindrance for you in in this very early stage.

who is a fit for this you know all the teams building in the hackathon really uh if you're building simplified UX apps wallets stable coin products [clears throat] uh and payment related applications um [clears throat] sorry about that uh it's uh powered by PIMLo with EC20 pay masters and uh yeah uh it's best for teams where gases onboarding improves activation retention or payment UX which is mostly teams building with so it's a good fit for that.

Okay.

Uh, one last point I want to make is about the option DO.

Um, because I think most people still think of Dows as like ineffective or not working or chaotic or way too daunting to get into.

Um, and I hear you, but I do want to make a point that the option DAO actually is is quite functional.

Um, and without the DAO, many of these support programs would not be possible because it is funding a lot of them.

So, the DAO has a treasury that it can allocate towards ecosystem growth.

For example, the $10 million in order support comes directly from the option D, right?

Uh that's a lot of money.

Um other grants and incentives can also support growth, adoption, liquidity.

You can even make proposals for uh things like that.

Uh or you can vote for them um and get involved.

I know it sounds daunting uh but you don't have to go there and navigate this alone.

You can talk to us and we can guide you through the process, right?

All it takes is to just send us a message and we are more than happy to to help you uh navigate whatever you need to do and uh it really is u a great tool in your toolbox that I think many people are underestimating.

Uh on top of that there are delegates that also provide feedback to you right if you um have something interesting going on uh they can give you feedback right uh they can amplify what you're doing they can help you test they uh can give you support on any proposals you want to bring up so um if you I encourage people to look into it and if you need help uh shoot us a message and we are more than happy to help.

Okay.

Um, apply to the founder house in London at July 10th to 12th.

And, uh, here's the QR code.

Again, feel free to, uh, screenshot.

Uh, I'm going to put the link in my Telegram in the chat as well at the end of this presentation.

And, uh, that's really it.

Uh, I know we have a 1 hour allocated.

This is a short one.

I hope it has been a bit of a change of pace.

I imagine most workshops have probably been uh, technical in nature.

This one was very nontechnical.

Um, but I think it's a great resource to help you navigate the Albertum ecosystem.

uh show you all the different ways of support that is available and summarize all that in in one neat uh presentation so you have a better idea of like okay what what is actually happening what is going on what is my path from the very earliest intention to build all the way to eventually fundraising getting an audit getting gas fees sponsored and really uh growing alongside the ecosystem uh in in arbitro uh so thank you so much for listening uh I'm going to stop my screen sharing now and put um my telegram uh and uh all the other things in the chat and then I'm going to take a look at the chat questions as well and see if I can answer any of them.

Thanks so much.

Thank you so much Swagamus and the arbitrum foundation for that.

That was very useful very useful run through on how much support is on offer for founders.

I think for a you know a founder solo founder around the world it sometimes feels so good to know that like there's big foundations companies communities out there uh ready to support you to everyone watching thank you for joining uh us whether you're on the platform portal directly from the incode website or directly on zoom or even if you're watching this back later on the unlisted YouTube recap I think this was a great session today learning lots about openhouse how arbitum supports founders but for For me, I really really also liked the audit support.

I think in an era where it's so easy to speed up coding using claude, sometimes slowing down reviewing your code is the best thing to do.

Also, if you take your projects out into the big bad world, it will save you a lot of money.

So, hopefully some of you are joining uh are in and around London and we might see you at the open house.

Two takeaways.

If you're building to last, make sure to again use make use of the opportunity support programs and for the finals time actually seriously consider applying to openhouse.

Um applications are still open.

It will be the best decision you make in your life.

On UXMax, uh keep building towards the mid hackathon checkpoint on the 5th of July and then again final submissions on the 19th of July.

And before you go, our next UXAX workshop is this Thursday uh 2nd of July.

So, in two days from now, actually, at 400 p.m.

uh BST British Standard Time, and the title is transaction abstraction for better uh DAP UX.

If you're thinking about how to make your DAP smoother and more userfriendly, that's the one to catch.

Same time, same place.

We've got a strong run of sessions coming up after that, too.

So, chain abstraction, embedded wallet, social login UX, all leading to the finale and prize giving uh giving on the 30th of July.

So, keep an eye out on the schedule.

As always, today's recording and any links will be shared in the usual place.

Um, make sure to join our Discord and any further questions, drop them in the Discord.

Um, drop them in the Telegram and we'll keep the conversation going there.

Thanks again to Swagimus and to all of you joining.

Keep building and see you Thursday.

&gt;&gt; Thank you so much.

And uh, today is the last day to apply, so make sure to to do it.

My voice is uh, failing me.

It's too hot.

&gt;&gt; Thank you guys.