Title: Launch Event
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VjShehmAlH4
================================================================================

Dude, sorry.

It's been an absolute melee of a Zoom outage.

We've been struggling so much that I've had to recreate a separate meeting, put it into our platform to try and webinar was completely down.

It was so painful.

Guys, I'm so sorry for uh to say sorry for the the the delay.

We were trying everything behind the scenes.

We were ready to go, and then it all crashed, and God knows we couldn't get in, and somehow we've done it.

So, I know that a lot of you are joining directly on uh the link and on platform.

Some of you are watching via the stream.

Uh so, um those in the room uh can ask questions directly.

Um others uh you'll have to um uh message on the stream, and we will uh highlight your questions.

Um so, as I say, uh huge apologies.

Slightly outside of our control.

Uh but, um we tried to iterate quickly, and it did not end up quick.

It ended up incredibly slow.

And uh we've just about got there.

So, uh I'm going to take talk you through everything to do with the event, guys, and the Particle Hackathon.

Uh we're going to hand over to David Day after that uh to talk to you more specifically about Particle.

We've got a packed schedule of workshops and partner engagement uh throughout this program for you.

Uh but, I'm going to share my screen.

And let's go.

One second.

Cool.

Uh let me just collect this.

So, all of you should have already done this.

If you haven't, uh please do.

I'm going to just do it quickly get to the same view that you guys see.

Da da da.

Uh one second.

Here we are.

Hackathon, Particle.

Nice.

Okay.

Let's go through some of the basic details of the event, guys.

So, this is a multi-week hackathon that we're taking place on the Encode platform kicking off today.

Formats, as you may know from having participated in codes online hackathons before, is we have about two or three weeks of workshops and about two or three weeks of building.

It works out not quite perfectly.

We've got a few workshops in week three.

&gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; Everything takes place on the take place on the Encode platform you're experiencing.

And I promise you the well, as long as Zoom isn't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the workshops will go far smoother than we have today.

They also all get recorded and go online.

I'm assuming we might have some issues today with the change of link, but in most part, they all get uploaded and go online straight after the event for you to digest in your free time.

It being a four-week hackathon, there are bounties and there are challenges.

The Universal Accounts track, the general track, the Arbitrum track, and the Magic track, and probably a couple more still to come with plenty of generous prizes.

In general, of course, this is a UX maxing hackathon, so we're looking for you to build with universal accounts, focus on better UX.

Amidst any different vertical you like, payment agents, trading, DeFi, gaming, the important thing is that you're focusing on the UX side of things using EIP-7702 to build your projects.

I'm hoping that you all looked at the partner challenges and started engaging in the technologies they have as in preparation.

If you haven't, please look at the websites, but we have not only at Particle, we have the 7702 Collective, Arbitrum, Magic, Openfort, and Zerodev partners we've worked with before at Encode too.

On the Arbitrum side in particular, we have we are hosting their founder house in a few weeks time.

So, if you're participating in this hackathon thinking about doing the Arbitrum track, you can meet us in person and co-work with us uh for that weekend.

As mentioned, it should run smoothly.

Uh we have workshops happening through the coming weeks.

Uh the social log login UX one is tomorrow with Magic.

We have office hours.

We have the Arbitrum workshop uh another particle one on transaction abstraction.

Zero dev open force and then funnels at the end.

And now this should all work that I am registered.

Very good.

So, this is what you will see behind the scenes.

So, we have the concept of checkpoints within Encode programs.

Checkpoints uh allow us to monitor your progress and hold you to account.

Uh the first checkpoint is this weekend, which means you just need to create your project and add your teammates.

Uh the second one is a midpoint checkpoint to see how your project's going and give us an idea of where we can best provide support before final submissions.

This second one also allows us you to see what the final end submission form is going to look like to make it a bit easier so you don't you're rushing at the end.

As I say, I want you to create a project here.

You'll always be able to view the workshops and things here and checkpoint information will pop up here for you to do whatever you need.

You'll note we need to create a project first here.

If I just go through the motions, I could Arsenal FC.

I can create project and then I have a code that I can use to invite um you to do so.

So, midpoint checkpoint doesn't open to the end of the week and then continues uh up to the fifth.

Um other than that, everything is contained within this page here including the bounty information.

What's not contained here is Discord.

Uh Discord um uh uh it connected directly here and then has all the different channels that you will need to participate in the program and ask any questions that you may have.

&gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; Workshops going as lectures as well for you to look at in your own time and some quizzes attached to keep you engaged.

So that's my role and I should mention I'm Anthony and I'm the CEO of Encode.

I've done many many many many many of our hackathons.

Charles from my team will also be providing support and we will be helping in the mentoring and the judging process as well.

So I will take questions as we go along in the chat.

I appreciate actually I have probably got to let more people into the room which I will do so.

Yes, lots of you.

Um, information there but I'll go and take questions in chat.

But David I, I'm going to introduce you.

Do you want to say a few words to the group?

&gt;&gt; Sure, thank you.

Thank you.

My name is David.

I do developer relations at Particle.

So today I'm going to run through the workshop or we're going to basically it's going to be fairly simple and quick.

I just want to kind of give an idea of how universal accounts and our main product work so you guys can get started into looking to it and understand how it works.

And overall I'm going to be available through the whole time the whole period in the hackathon on Discord or whatever channel you might need some support.

We'll go over documentation and platform and all of that.

Pretty excited to get this started off.

It's going to be good.

&gt;&gt; Nice.

Cool.

Is there anything else David I you want to add at this stage or flag or do you want to leave it to the workshop?

&gt;&gt; No, we can go through the whole thing in the workshop.

&gt;&gt; Okay, very good.

So, to remind people about the workshop, let's get my dates up.

Is it the workshop today or is that for workshop?

I'm now confused myself.

&gt;&gt; It should be today, you know.

&gt;&gt; Yeah, the day of the sorry, the way you say it I thought it was a different day.

And okay, so what what are you ready?

Feel free to go through the workshop content.

We're ready to rumble.

&gt;&gt; All right, then if you're ready to go, we go.

&gt;&gt; Let's go.

&gt;&gt; Then I'm just going to share my screen.

Of course, nothing is set up.

Okay.

Oh, great.

Um It looks like I have to quit and reopen my browser to &gt;&gt; Okay, we're good.

We'll wait.

&gt;&gt; get the permission going, so &gt;&gt; Don't worry.

&gt;&gt; Give us a sec.

&gt;&gt; Are we allowed to um submit existing work on existing projects or does it have to be a fresh idea?

&gt;&gt; Existing is fine.

So long as you're making contributions during the event, existing is fine.

&gt;&gt; Brilliant.

Thank you.

Is it mandatory we're in a team or solo?

&gt;&gt; Nope, you can participate as solos.

Nice.

Any other questions, guys?

You can drop in chat as we wait for a download to rejoin.

There he goes.

Got him in.

&gt;&gt; All right, I'm back.

Um &gt;&gt; We're good.

Whenever you're ready, sir.

&gt;&gt; Let me just set up the the tablet I had open again.

And then we should be able to go.

&gt;&gt; My name is Dwight Schrute.

People are asking, "That's not That's Anthony Bowmont." See you having code.

In general, guys, we prefer you to use Discord for questions.

You're more than welcome to ask in this forum as they come up.

We like Discord just cuz it's allows us to amalgamate questions and share them with a to a broader audience than just this workshop.

&gt;&gt; All right, I think I got everything ready now.

All right, let me see.

All right, I'll just share the whole thing.

Okay.

All right, can you see my screen slides?

&gt;&gt; Yes.

&gt;&gt; Sweet.

So All right.

So, let's talk about universal accounts and EAP 7702.

So, for a little bit of context, uh Article will always basically focus mostly on user experience.

Uh one of the first products we launched a few years ago now was social logins, you know, embedded wallets with social logins.

We still run these products even though universal accounts became our main focus.

Um so we started with social logins and account abstraction and then we kind of slowly morphed into the next version of improved user experience, which is chain abstraction.

Um the first stage was let's facilitate users to get into wallets and access applications, and that's what we did first with the social logins.

People were able to log in with their usual Google account or any other social platform, email, phone number.

Um and that was already a pretty big improvement, but then we realized that the one of the very main issues uh at least in our opinion was the difficulty and the friction of uh users to get into the application, right?

So now you have a better way to log in into the application.

You you log in and everything, but then you still don't have a good way to interact with it.

Uh maybe the application runs on a specific chain and you don't have funds on those in the specific chain.

So now you have to find a way to uh get these funds there somehow and there's a whole hurdle of bridges and move funds here and there and everything.

Uh so we started pushing very heavily on the chain abstraction um concept, which in our opinion is essentially you have funds somewhere and you can use them anywhere at once without having to uh care for each uh different balance, where the chain is, what kind of token or asset is.

You can just use it.

Uh and that's how we came up with universal accounts.

So, where is it?

Why is it not moving?

Okay.

So, here here's the issue that we're trying to solve, right?

You're a user, you might have some funds on different chains.

Uh, let's say you have some ETH on Arbitrum, you have some USDC on Base, and you have some SOL on Solana.

Let's say that you want to use all of those at once.

You are trying to purchase a single NFT that is worth uh, $80, right?

On another chain, maybe on Ethereum or a BNB chain.

So, now you have to find a way to basically swap all of these assets and then bridge them to the destination chain and then get into the application and then make your purchase.

Uh, so between fees and time, it's going to cost you what, a half an hour, an hour?

Uh, maybe some bridges uh, also have limitations.

They only uh, credit the funds after like 20 minutes or something like that.

Uh, so we felt that this was very much a big point of friction.

And then that's how we designed the universal accounts.

Basically, a universal account allows you to pull all your funds in one place, um, and use them as uh, one.

Basically, as one, in one location, independently of whether the funds are on the same chain or different kind of assets.

So, how it's has been working so far is a universal account uh, are basically a smart account.

It's ERC-3 ERC-4337 based.

There is a version of the account deployed on each of the chains that we support.

But then, you as the final user or uh, uh, I guess as the developer, you can show these all these accounts as one unified account.

The addresses are going to stay the same all the time.

And the funds are always going to be the same, independently of what the funds are.

So, with a universal account, those three different kind of funds and different values, I'm going to read it only as one value of $8.

Um actually, this is 100.

Sorry.

Did the wrong math.

I will I will see that I have 100 available, right?

Um now, the initial version of universal account still had some kind of friction because it is a new smart account.

This is a smart account.

It allows you to introduce all these chain abstraction features.

But, the one big limitation is that it is a smart account.

So, it means that it needs to be funded somehow.

Let's say that you log in into a platform that uses universal accounts.

Well, your new universal account is going to be empty.

You still need to have a way to find it.

So, we mitigate this big issue and this big point of frictions after the user already is acquainted with a universal account itself.

But, the step in between still was an issue.

And this is how we started leveraging EIP-7702.

Because it is a smart account, the new 7702 standard essentially allows you to delegate your externally owned account to the smart account code.

So, to make it simple, essentially, your EOA becomes a universal account in this case.

That means that all the funds that you have on it and everything that you have on it reflects on the universal account and you can use it as a universal account.

And this is the point of this hackathon, really.

Is to bring this feature forward and see what you guys build with it, right?

Um so, here I already explained this, I guess.

Um but, those are the two methods that you can use a universal account in smart account mode and 7702 mode, uh where your EOA becomes a universal account.

Now, in this hackathon, we want to focus on 7702.

So, we will only evaluate uh apps and products that use 7702 mode.

Um overall, it is very simple to use.

The This is something that we actually work a lot on is the developer experience as well as a user experience, of course.

We are in in a little bit of a unique situation because our product, our final user is going to be the user, right?

So, we need to create good user experience uh for the user.

But then is the developer that needs to use it and integrate it and make it work.

So, we're trying to create a good experience for both uh situations.

Um so, the universal account SDK is very straightforward to use.

You initialize a universal account once, and then it's just a few lines of code to basically retrieve addresses that you might need, uh retrieve funds and uh balances that you might need, and to send transactions.

So, 7702 requires an an authorization because you are basically allowing your EOA uh to run code.

Um so, you basically have two ways to to do this.

Um one way is the server-side way, which is what we're going to see uh on the code side of this workshop, where um basically the authentication or the authorization comes in line with uh the transaction.

So, it basically comes automatically because we're using a private key directly, uh and you don't really need to do anything besides adding the little code snippet that it shows, "Okay, here is taking the authentication or the authorization," and then adding it to the transaction to the message.

And that's it.

Um overall uh it's very straightforward as you can see uh it kind of works like an intent.

Uh in this case we're using in this example here we use the convert transaction method.

This is one of the methods for sending transaction that the SDK has.

Um conversion in this case means I take some asset that I already have and I turn it into another asset.

In this case uh we are going to turn some asset that we already have.

We don't even It doesn't matter which asset we have or where, but we're going to turn it into one USDC on Arbitrum essentially.

And this is actually how the real code looks like.

This is this three lines of code is how you create the whole transaction and then you simply sign it uh with a wallet that you have and send it.

That's it.

Uh in between these there's going to be a little loop uh that goes through the 7712 authentication, but it's pretty straightforward.

So now this is how it works server side.

Server side simply means you control the private keys generally and there are a bunch of apps that do this uh rather than uh using a third party to control the wallets.

Uh so you can do this if you can implement it into your app.

Uh it makes things uh simple I would say.

Uh basically you control the private keys of uh each account and you can run this very simple um system to use 7702.

You can also use embedded wallet.

Uh the caveat here is that the embedded wallet that you use needs to have a way to sign the authorization.

For example, uh Particle has wallets.

We have Particle Auth and Particle Connect, uh but you cannot really use those because we don't have a method to sign the 77 7702 authorization yet.

We'll add it eventually, but right now we don't have it.

So, usually if you use an better wallet, we recommend using either Magic, Dynamic, or Privy, one of that includes those methods.

And it's actually pretty straightforward.

We have a bunch of demos on those.

I'll link them in the Discord and wherever we have the resources, so you guys can take a look and you can use it as a starting point even if you want to.

Um you essentially run the same kind of the same concept that you have here, but before sending the transaction, you will need to sign the authorization for delegating the UOA into universal account.

And uh it works a little bit different on each of these better wallets, but the general gist is that you pull the the address that you're get delegating to, so which is just basically the source of this smart account, and then you give it the you sign the authentication or the authorization, and that's it.

The main caveat there is that this first authentication require gas on that specific chain, and it's going to have to be on each chain.

So, let's say that my app wants to work on both BNB chain and Arbitrum, well, the first interaction is going to have is going to be this authorization.

And then after that, it's not required anymore.

Uh so, you have these two options, server-side, you kind of manage your own keys, and better wallet, it's has the whole infrastructure, but you have to manage this 7702 authorization.

And that's it.

So, the the very much the idea is try to build something that uh improves the user experience and basically the idea the idea in my head is the user doesn't even see that there is a chain or doesn't have to care there is a chain, right?

Um in this specific slideshows I just talked about the convert transaction um but with the SDK you can do anything.

You can make transfers.

Uh you can make a buy and sell.

So for example, you could build a full you know, trading platform with like 10 lines of code and let's say 20.

Uh because we integrate methods to buy and sell directly.

Uh we aggregate um Uh we aggregate aggregate DeFi platforms in the back end so you can essentially buy and sell any token uh that exist in all those chains that we support.

Um We can also enter you can also interact directly with smart contracts with the universal transaction.

So you can actually call uh you know, send code data directly and interact.

Um this is a powerful feature because it means that you can interact with any smart contract from any chain.

Let's say I want to mint an NFT on BNB.

I can have the fund I can keep the funds as USDC on Arbitrum for example and I will still be able to mint an NFT on um on BNB chain, right?

So this was kind of the the general um theory.

Uh want to go over a couple of things.

Um do I do I have time?

How long do I take for this?

About &gt;&gt; As long as you need.

No rush.

As long as &gt;&gt; Okay, cool.

I wanted to keep it I like to keep it around 30 minutes uh not otherwise it gets too overwhelming but um I want to go couple over a couple of resources that we have and then I'll show the code really quick and then we're done.

Um so and then I'll link all these on Discord and everywhere but Um we have a repository of basically of this workshop where you can go over and it's going to explain uh how you set it up and everything.

I'll briefly touch on that, but and then it has all the code.

Um, we have essentially three scripts because I want to show a little bit the different things uh that you need to set up the SDK.

We can go over in a second when we go when we show the code.

Um One thing that I wanted to touch on before moving to the code is this.

The um So, we have pretty extensive docs.

It explains how anything works and how you can do anything here.

Um, we still have these notices up that says that the SDK is not working, but it is.

Uh I'm going to actually fix it after right after this workshop uh because we just released a better version um to the to the V2 account.

Uh so, this one doesn't really apply anymore.

Um but we'll go over that.

So, overall, you have a very basic quick start if you want to get started uh using the SDK.

It's actually something very similar to uh what we're doing in in this workshop.

Um and then we have a few how-to guides on uh how you can do different things with the SDK.

Uh basically uh you can go over those.

Um those don't I would say those are not too applicable in this situation because this doesn't have anything about 7712 specifically.

Um and then you have the full SDK reference.

So, it basically explains you how to install it, uh how to use the 7712 mode, how to initialize it, how to pull the addresses, balances, the different kind of transactions that you can send and uh so on and so forth.

Um before we move on to the code, I also wanted to mention we do have a full demo repositories on using 777702 mode with embedded wallet.

Uh in this case, we have this one here that I'm showing is uh with the magic wallet.

Uh you can We also have those with dynamic and privy.

And it just This one is just going to guide you through the whole through the whole process, right?

And then one thing that I wanted to mention I know nowadays there is a lot of AI coding.

So, we do have an MCP server uh on the docs.

There are the instructions here.

Uh it's just in the in the landing page under more resources.

Um there are the instructions to on how to use it.

It's just an HTTP server.

So, you can just um install it or you add it into any of the AI IDEs like uh cursor or Win surf, any of those.

And so, your agents will be able to directly communicate with the docs as well.

Uh find it pretty useful.

And um I guess I'm ready to show the code.

Uh let me see.

All right.

Can we I don't have a visual on the on the page?

Can we still the Can you see the IDE with the uh with the code and everything?

&gt;&gt; can we can.

&gt;&gt; Cool, cool, cool.

All right.

So, going over this um the main thing that I wanted to touch here is uh because this is a beta version of the SDK.

This one here.

If you install it with a regular uh with a regular command, you're going to get a different version.

I'm also going to add a note on the docs about this.

But essentially, what you need to do is that you need to install in your install command NPMI particle universal account SDK you need to install the @ beta version.

So, this is important because otherwise it's going to give you the production version, which is not working at the moment.

Um but this beta version works.

And that's it.

I'm going to add a note to that maybe in the docs and on the repository readme.

Um The first step here that you need to do is configure the workshop.

So, the main thing that you need are going to be a particle project and a private key.

Remember, this is just to kind of test how it works.

So, make sure that you're careful with these private keys.

This is not a very good very good practice of just using a dirty env with private keys.

So, make sure that in case uh you you try this code you use a private key that is not sensitive in the sense if you if you have 10 bucks on it and you lose it, so be it.

So, be careful with that.

Um For these API keys, you'll go on the um on the dashboard.

So, from the docs, you can get to the dashboard.

You create a new project.

You can call it call it UX Max.

I forgot an X, but um here you'll get your API keys.

So, the project ID and the client key are going to be those two here.

To get the last one, you'll have to create an app.

In this case, it's going to be a web app.

You can call it however you want.

It's going to ask you for this domain.

This is not really strictly enforced, so you can use any anything that has a looks like a domain.

If you want to do example.com, for example, it's going to work.

You create your app, and then you're going to have your app ID right here.

You can place them in your .env file.

You can place your API your private key, and then you're ready to go.

In this workshop demo, we're going to have basically three different um scripts that shows a little bit the steps that you can take.

Um so, actually using this SDK is very simple.

This is This is the whole code that you need.

It's 40 lines, and it's all formatted properly and nicely, and it has a bunch of logs, so it's even more than what you need.

But overall, the gist is you import um the components that you need from the SDK.

You initialize a universal account.

With uh here is a configuration, and you just initialize it with the universal account.

And then, once you have this, this is basically your universal account instance, and once you have this, you have the full universal account at your hand.

Um the configuration here, the main thing that I wanted to touch is make sure that you use the EIP-777 to true, uh because otherwise it's not going to pick up your actual EOA as uh the universal account.

And then, for the version, ensure that you use universal account version V2.

Uh otherwise, it's also not going to work.

Um And then, once you have that, we have various methods.

In this case, the get smart account option, it basically gives you um some information about the universal account.

In this case, we pull uh the various addresses.

We display three addresses in this case.

One is the owner address.

One is the EVM universal account, and one is a Solana universal account.

So, we can go over all those.

How you initialize the universal account is basically via the address.

As you can see in smart account options here in the configuration, we have the owner address, which in this case is just the wallet that we create from the private key address, right?

Um so, this is not really what controls your universal account.

So, you can even you could have the address written here hardcoded manually, right?

And the only thing that you're going to get from here is uh the derivation of the universal account, and you're going to be able to read the assets that you have on it.

You cannot really send transactions only through this, just in case uh you're worried about how you control that.

Uh how the transaction is sent, we can see later on.

Uh it's just a signature.

Um so, here is basically how we get some of the simpler data.

If I run this, um we have methods.

Uh I included methods in the in package.json.

So, we do npm run address.

It's going to run this script here.

And all right.

So, we can pull out the data that we get.

Um owner address and the uh the EVM universal account addresses are going to be the same because we are using 7702.

So, we are upgrading the universal account the EOA to universal account.

This uh ending in a C2AE is one of my um dev um EOAs.

And it becomes, as you can see here, it becomes my universal account.

This means that anything that I have on this wallet automatically reflects in the universal account.

And why do we have a Solana address?

This because universal account supports Solana as well.

So, they both act as one account.

Let's say when I'm going to send this convert transaction in the in the last script, I'm going to basically use any assets that I could possibly have on this independently.

It's just you need the two addresses because since we support Solana assets, let's say you want to deposit Solana assets into your universal account, you're going to have to use this address instead of the EVM one.

That's it.

Um but let's say that now I send uh some SOL to this address here, it's just going to appear as a unified balance.

And for the balance, for example, we can see it in the second script.

Once we have the universal account instance, we call the get primary assets method, and that one is going to pull all the assets that we hold on the universal account, which in this case is going to be assets that we have on the UA and assets that we have on the Solana side.

Um and then there is just a little bit of parsing because it's a very long object um that includes all this basically all the assets and on all the supported chains that we have, right?

So, if we're on this, do NPM run balance, it's going to pull all the assets that I have on my UA essentially.

So, here we can see my unified balance is $33.66, and we can see a breakdown because that's how we parsed it here.

So, in this breakdown, we can see how I have about $1.60 worth of Ethereum, and this Ethereum is spread between a base and Arbitrum.

Then I have about 30 bucks of USDC spread across four chains.

Spread across base, Arbitrum, Polygon, and uh this is one here is Berachain.

Um This is interesting because Polygon and Berachain are not supposed to be supported anymore.

Um but this issue is up here somehow.

Uh then I have some USDT and some BNB.

So now you can use these basically to show these the balance and the breakdown how you want to your user.

Uh you can use just the total and remember that this total is usable.

You can just display this.

It doesn't really matter where those assets are and on what um which type of asset it is.

You have this 33.66 and you can spend the whole thing automatically.

Um when you run a transaction, which is going to be the next example, we create the intent.

So in this case we use a convert transaction and what we want to do in this case is we are trying to receive 0.1 USDC on Arbitrum mainnet.

And so what happens is now I'm using 0.1.

Let's say I do 10.

I want to receive 10 USDC on Arbitrum.

Now what's going to happen is that uh the back-end is going to identify which are which of those assets are more um effective and more cost-efficient to swap.

So let me see this breakdown.

I already have 24 uh USDC on Arbitrum, so this is not a super good example.

Uh but let's say that I wanted to receive uh ETH on Arbitrum.

And so the amount will to be smaller at 0.00 five or something.

Now, this what's going to do is going to take the assets that are most efficient and turn them into it on Arbitrum.

So, in this case, I would expect it's going to take the USDC that we already have on Arbitrum and swap it into Ethereum.

Um that is just a detail.

Let me save this.

Okay.

So, this is how you create basically the the convert transaction in this case, kind of an intense, very very basic.

Now, because we're using 7702, we have to delegate the wallet, right?

And so, you essentially have to just use this pattern here.

Uh this pattern here is basically going going to pull the authorizations from the EOA and is going to add them to these authorizations array.

And then, once you have that array, you can send a transaction.

As I mentioned earlier, you really only need the EOA address to initialize the universal account.

But that doesn't really let you control the universal account.

Let's say you're worried, "Oh, what if someone just takes my address and initializes a universal account with it?" That is okay.

They will be able to see what assets you have on it, but they could not send anything without a private key.

Uh because to send the actual transaction, you need to sign a message uh for uh the my message coming from the transaction.

So, in this case, the send result will um Actually, let me back up a little bit.

Uh this transaction object that we create uh calling one of the transaction method returns a root hash.

The root hash is what you sign to send a transaction.

In this case, if you also run this, uh, delegation pattern, and you add the authorizations in the transaction object, in the send transaction object, then is actually going to use 7702.

So, it's going to use your universal account, or rather your UA as your universal account.

And then the send result object is just going to return a bunch of data that we can use.

In this case, I'm using I'm pulling the transaction ID and using it, uh, to basically see the movements in the transaction.

Um, one note, we can use Universal X as the explorer.

Um, that's probably the best way to do it.

Uh, Universal X is, uh, the trading terminal that we run uh, with universal accounts.

And we also use it as a block explorer, just FYI.

Now, we can run this transaction live.

I'm going to clear the console.

This is a real transaction.

Um, universal accounts only work on mainnet.

Uh, another note that I should probably uh, mention.

Um, I know it's not super common practice, uh, not to have a testnet, uh, but universal accounts can't really run on testnets because the infrastructure is so complex and so dynamic that we cannot it just doesn't work.

Uh, so it's only on mainnet.

Uh, just FYI.

Um, so if I run the convert script, uh, npm run convert, I's simply going to send a transaction, give me the results, and I'll link to the block explorer.

So, in this case, uh, we are printing the send result object.

It's going to show a bunch of data.

It's going to show the transaction ID.

This is basically what you want to use here uh, in the Universal X explorer to see the details.

Uh, it's going to show sender and receiver.

So, as you can see, sender and receiver right now are the same.

That's because we just made a conversion.

We took some assets we already had converted into another asset.

And then it gives you a breakdown of a whole bunch of data that you can display.

Uh, you can display the fees.

Um, deposit and lending tokens are basically the the tokens that you are using as uh, source for the destination.

In this case, uh, we can see that uh, what did we do?

Token changes.

Um, I'm not printing out all uh, uh, they're all going to be in this object here.

I'm not printing out the whole thing uh, here in this console, but now if you extend um, this um, this breakdown here, you will see the decrease and increase tokens.

So, you will see which token you sold uh, for which token was deposited.

Uh, that's it.

And then we have um, the URL explorer.

So, now if I paste that, I um, here probably not going to work.

Up.

Let me see.

If I open it now, opening the other browser works.

So, now you can see basically the full breakdown on Universal X.

Uh, the transaction ID, you can see that it was from my wallet to my wallet, so it was a conversion.

And we can see all the balance changes.

So, in this case, I tried to convert to one USDC.

So, it used some Ethereum that I had on Arbitrum.

It used some USDT that I have on Arbitrum.

And then it gave me a full USDC on Arbitrum, right?

Uh, and then you can see all the movements of all the transactions hashes.

So, now this everything happened on Arbitrum because I already had a bunch of um uh you know, a bunch of funds there.

But, let's uh let's make it more interesting.

I'll I'll do from Arbitrum to base.

All right.

So, now this is going to give me one USDC on base.

If I run it again, that's it.

Now, let's see what what it used this time.

So, this time it used again some ETH and some USDC.

So, you could see I had some Ethereum on base, and then it also used some USDC on Arbitrum.

And I received one USDC on base.

As you can see, we had a transaction coming from Arbitrum to base.

So, now I basically have this one USDC on Arbitrum.

Um and all of these came from my initial uh externally owned account.

Um and I guess that's it.

This was the whole spiel.

Uh where is the thing here?

I don't I guess that was the whole spiel.

Um Yeah.

That was the whole uh workshop basically.

Went over uh how to get on the docs, how to initialize, how to run code.

And this should be a good enough starting point uh for you to get on.

Uh I'm going to link uh all the uh docs and all the um demos that we have.

Uh we have a bunch of demos where as I mentioned with the embedded wallets.

So, that one is going to help you uh get started with basically an entire app.

And then next week I believe we have another and in there one I can go over moreover how to do things with the embedded wallets and actual front end and stuff.

But remember that you can use this is flexible.

You can use this in the back end or with embedded wallet.

So it's really up to you.

You can create whatever you like.

&gt;&gt; Nice.

Brilliant Davide.

I'm conscious guys of time.

I'm so sorry again for the zoom issues.

But we managed to I don't know how I did something quite clever to deleted our meeting and started again to try and kick it into life.

So for questions please guys take to the discord.

Just and we'll try and get the recording up.

I'm not sure if it will go through or not.

But otherwise we're going to let you go.

So there's few questions here.

I'm going to ask you to rewrite them in in discord chat.

I'll also paste them myself.

Things like the GitHub repos, the funds test nets.

Supporting Stellar accounts on dev zero.

Definitely wait for the dev zero workshop.

And polygon questions and all that jazz.

Davide is there anything else before we head off?

&gt;&gt; No, I don't think so.

Yeah, the only thing that I was going to mention is I'm going to link all these resources in the discord about it.

&gt;&gt; Very good.

Okay guys, thank you very much.

Sorry again.

And see you soon.

See you.

Bye-bye.

&gt;&gt; See you.

Bye-bye.

&gt;&gt; Bye.

&gt;&gt; [music]